= redmine_spent_time

<b>Versions >=2.4.0 are compatible with Redmine 2.1, version <=2.3.1 are compatible with Redmine 2.0.X</b>

For Redmine 1.4.X go to {redmine_spent_time-1.4}[https://github.com/eyp/redmine_spent_time-1.4] repository.

This is a {Redmine}[http://www.redmine.org]'s plugin which allow users to add spent time entries for issues they have worked on. 
It gives users a comfortable form to do queries about their spent time on projects, along with a little form
to submit new entries. Of course also it's possible to delete entries and to modify existing ones.

From this functionality a user will be able to add time entries to assigned issues or to issues which he
has already spent some time but are not assigned to him.

== Installation

1. Go to your redmine root path/plugins.
2. At the command line type <tt>git clone https:// github.com/eyp/redmine_spent_time.git</tt>.
3. Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails).
4. Login and configure the plugin (see Permissions section.)
5. Click the 'Spent time' link in the top left menu.

== Permissions

There are some permissions which can be set up for every role from the Administration -> Roles and permissions.

* Time tracking -> 'View spent time': Activated by default, it allows the user to go to this plugin's main page.
* Project -> 'View others spent time': Deactivated by default, it allows the user to view the time spent of other members of the projects his is member of.
* Project -> 'View every project spent time': Deactivated by default, it allows to view the spent time of everyone.

== Usage

It's very easy to use, click the 'Spent time' link in the top left menu, from there you will be able to do queries and add entries. 
After doing a query, if there are time entries in the result, you will be able to modify or delete them.

== Languages

* Catalonian
* English
* French
* German
* Hungarian
* Italian
* Polish
* Portuguese
* Russian
* Simplified Chinese
* Spanish

== Code contributors

* @lauer (Jesper Grann Laursen)
* @burci (Peter Buri)
* @mjanser (Martin Janser)
* @pedrosnk (Pedro Medeiros)
* @krewetka (Ania Krawet)

== Translators

* @heslei (Heslei Silva): Portuguese
* @mjanser (Martin Janser): German
* @burci (Peter Buri): Hungarian
* @krewetka (Ania Krawet): Polish
* @ilya-yurtaev (Ilya Yurtaev): Russian
* @archonwang (Steven W.): Simplified Chinese
* @cforce (Terence Miller): General help on translations
* Matteo Mazzoli: Italian

== License

This plugin is licensed under the {Apache License, Version 2.0}[http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html].

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainer at eduardo.yanez@gmail.com or create an issue in the {GitHub Issues tracker}[https://github.com/eyp/redmine_spent_time/issues].

== Release notes
<b>2.4.2 - 2012-11-13</b>
* Added Russian translation (@ilya-yurtaev)

<b>2.4.1 - 2012-10-24</b>
* Added Simplified Chinese translation (@archonwang)

<b>2.4.0 - 2012-10-23</b>
* Replaced all references to prototype and scriptaculous helpers for jQuery.
* Compatible with Redmine 2.1

<b>2.3.1 - 2012-08-21</b>
* Fixed main report's date selectors  

<b>2.3.0 - 2012-08-20</b>
* Removed dependencies with 'remote' helpers from Prototype library to be compatible with Redmine 2.1  

<b>2.2.1 - 2012-08-17</b>
* Fix: New entry form hidden when the query is for another user
* Fixed Polish translation (@krewetka)

<b>2.2.0 - 2012-08-17</b>
* Fix: Issues combo-box was not updated when the projects selection changed
* Project selected by default when there is only one 
* Added Polish translation
* Added Catalán translation
* Added French translation

<b>2.1.0 - 2012-08-16</b> 
* Fix: Projects combo-box didn't work in new entry form (@krewetka)
* Fix: Issues combo-box didn't work in new entry form
* Query form compacted
* New entry form shown by default
* Default date is today in the new entry form when today is between the report's interval

<b>2.0.0 - 2012-08-07</b> 
* Adapted to Redmine 2 (@pedrosnk)
* Added German translation (@mjanser)
* Select current user by default (@mjanser)

<b>1.2.0 - 2012-04-30</b> 
* Added Hungarian translation (@burci)
* Now is possible to add time entries to projects without selecting an issue (@burci)
* Fix: 'Apply' button from query form was disabled after querying by dates (@burci)
* Fix: Query used GROUP BY in a non-standard way that caused Postgres didn't work right (@burci)

<b>1.1.0 - 2012-04-16</b> 
* Added routes compatibles with Redmine 1.4 (@lauer)
* Added Portuguese translation (@heslei)
* New time entry form: Projects list ordered alphabetically
* New time entry form: Issues list ordered by Id & Last update
* New time entry form: Activity list ordered alphabetically

<b>1.0.2 - 2012-03-21</b> 
* First public release

